Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way tpredict the future is to invent it-- Alan Ka
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of itin programming-- Donald Knut
Lisp has jokingly been called "the most intelligent way to misuse computer". I think that description is a great compliment because itransmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of oumost gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts-- Edsger Dijkstra, CACM, 15:1
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small peoplalways do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, cabecome great-- Mark Twai
What Paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts thaare beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real worllevel. That's a rare talent to find in writing these days-- Jeff "hemos" Bates, Director, OSDN; Co-evolver, Slashdo
Since programmers create programs out of nothing, imagination is ouonly limitation. Thus, in the world of programming, the hero is the onwho has great vision. Paul Graham is one of our contemporary heroes. Hhas the ability to embrace the vision, and to express it plainly. Hiworks are my favorites, especially the ones describing language designHe explains secrets of programming, languages, and human nature that caonly be learned from the hacker experience. This book shows you higreat vision, and tells you the truth about the nature of hacking-- Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto, creator of Rub
To follow the path    look to the master    follow the master    walk with the master    see through the master    become the master-- Modern zen Poe
No problem should ever have to be solved twice-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacke
Attitude is no substitute for competence-- Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacke
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but ablto see tomorrow-- Juan Meng, Reviewing "The future of ideas" by Lawrence Lessi
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid itGeniuses remove it-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe iGod-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming
Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easto handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programmi ng
Within a computer natural language is unnatural-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming
You think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can writeeven more when you can teach, but certain when you can program-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming
Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting nemachines to behave like old ones-- Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming
A little learning is a dangerous thing-- Alexander Pop
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer anmore than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an experpainter-- Eric Raymon
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of naturebecause God is not capricious or arbitrary-- Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet
Students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals thestrived to achieve within a realistic context. Students need to learn tdo things, not know things-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educatio
We remember what we learn when we care about performing better and whewe believe that what we have been asked to do is representative oreality-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educatio
There really is no learning without doing-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educatio
We really have to get over the idea that some stuff is just wortknowing even if you never do anything with it. Human memories happilerase stuff that has no purpose, so why try to fill up children's headwith such stuff-- Roger Schank, Engines for Educatio
La tactique, c'est ce que vous faites quand il y a quelque chose faire; la stratégie, c'est ce que vous faites quand il n'y a rien faire-- Xavier Tartacove
The only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are thosthat finally admit a nicely factored solution-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programme
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them--E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programme
This challenge, viz. the confrontation with the programming task, is sunique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves. Ishould deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creationit should give us better control over the task of organizing outhoughts. If it did not do so, to my taste we should no deserve thcomputer at all!  It has allready taught us a few lessons, and the one have chosen to stress in this talk is the following. We shall do a mucbetter programming job, provided that we approach the task with a fulappreciation of its tremenduous difficulty, provided that we stick tmodest and elegant programming languages, provided that we respect thintrinsec limitations of the human mind and approach the task as VerHumble Programmers-- E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programme
Ce n'est que par les relations qu'on entretient entre nos différenteconnaissances qu'elles nous restent accessibles-- Shnuup, sur l'hypertexte (SELFHTML -> Introduction -> Definitions sur l'hypertexte
We now come to the decisive step of mathematical abstraction: we forgeabout what the symbols stand for. ...[The mathematician] need not bidle; there are many operations which he may carry out with thessymbols, without ever having to look at the things they stand for-- Hermann Weyl, The Mathematical Way of Thinkin
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn'need to look up answers to easy questions"-- Eric Lippert
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy ocollection-- Alan J. Perli
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentallfor machines to execute-- Alan J. Perli
We control complexity by building abstractions that hide details wheappropriate. We control complexity by establishing conventionainterfaces that enable us to construct systems by combining standardwell-understood pieces in a ``mix and match'' way. We control complexitby establishing new languages for describing a design, each of whicemphasizes particular aspects of the design and deemphasizes others-- Alan J. Perli
The acts of the mind, wherein it exerts its power over simple ideas, archiefly these three: 1. Combining several simple ideas into one compounone, and thus all complex ideas are made. 2. The second is bringing twideas, whether simple or complex, together, and setting them by onanother so as to take a view of them at once, without uniting them intone, by which it gets all its ideas of relations. 3. The third iseparating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their reaexistence: this is called abstraction, and thus all its general ideaare made-- John Locke, An Essay Concerning Human Understanding (1690
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing-- Alan J. Perli
An interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; compiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language-- SIC
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler-- Albert Einstei
The great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed ifive words: "I did not have time.-- WestHost weekly newsletter 14 Feb 200
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite andisturb him-- Napoleon Bonaparte (allegedly
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what iobscure-- Hugh Kingsmil
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to makit so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other wais to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. Thfirst method is far more difficult-- C. A. R. Hoar
And if you go too far up, abstraction-wise, you run out of oxygenSometimes smart thinkers just don't know when to stop, and they creatthese absurd, all-encompassing, high-level pictures of the universe thaare all good and fine, but don't actually mean anything at all-- Joel Spolsky	
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience anHubris-- Larry Wall (Programming Perl
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky-- Joel Spolsky (The Law of Leaky Abstractions
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis-- Guido van Rossu
Premature abstraction is an equally grevious sin as prematuroptimization-- Keith Deven
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization-- Bjarne Stroustru
He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain othe righteous and the unrighteous-- Matthew 5:4
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, inot worth knowing-- Alan Perli
Je n'ai fait celle-ci plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le loiside la faire plus courte. (I have made this letter so long only because did not have the leisure to make it shorter.-- Blaise Pascal (Lettres Provinciales
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it froreligious conviction-- Blaise Pascal (attributed
Everybody makes their own fun. If you don't make it yourself, it ain'fun -- it's entertainment-- David Mamet (as relayed by Joss Whedon
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *lineproduced* but as *lines spent*-- Edsger Dijkstra	
Sometimes a man with too broad a perspective reveals himself as havinno real perspective at all. A man who tries too hard to see every sidmay be a man who is trying to avoid choosing any side. A man who trietoo hard to seek a deeper truth may be trying to hide from the truth halready knows.  That is not a sign of intellectual sophistication an"great thinking". It is a demonstration of moral degeneracy ancowardice-- Steven Den Best
Omit needless words-- William Strunk, Jr. (The Elements of Style
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something frohim-- Galileo Galile
A society that puts equality -- in the sense of equality of outcome -ahead of freedom will end up with neither equality nor freedom. The usof force to achieve equality will destroy freedom, and the forceintroduced for good purposes, will end up in the hands of people who usit to promote their own interests-- Milton Friedman (Thomas Sowell: A Conflict of Visions, p130
Philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes binstinct-- Brave New World (paraphrased
Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of itvictims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live underobber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies, The robber baron'cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiatedbut those who torment us for own good will torment us without end, fothey do so with the approval of their own conscience-- C.S. Lewi
Fools! Don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon-- Catwoman (The Batman TV Series, episode 83
It's like a condom; I'd rather have it and not need it than need it annot have it-- some chick in Alien vs. Predator, when asked why shalways carries a gu
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce-- Scott McKa
Simplicity takes effort-- genius, even-- Paul Graha
Show, don't tell-- unknow
In God I trust; I will not be afraid. What can mortal man do to me-- David (Psalm 56:4
Linux is only free if your time has no value-- Jamie Zawinsk
Code is poetry-- wordpress.or
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice-- Rush (Freewill
Civilization advances by extending the number of important operationwhich we can perform without thinking about them-- Alfred North Whitehead (Introduction to Mathematics)	
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil-- Cicer
The reason to do animation is caricature. Good caricature picks out thessense of the statement and removes everything else. It's not simplabout reproducing reality; It's about bumping it up-- Brad Bird, writer and director, The Incredible
Mistakes were made-- Ronald Reaga
I would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who proveto be right. The former sometimes wins, but never the latter-- "Hoots
What is truth-- Pontius Pilat
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in while, you could miss it-- Ferris Buelle
Lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience yowill have when you finally get it; that experience will make you better programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never actualluse Lisp itself a lot-- Eric S. Raymon
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hocinformally specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of CommoLisp-- Philip Greenspun (Greenspun's Tenth Rule
I was talking recently to a friend who teaches at MIT. His field is honow and every year he is inundated by applications from would-bgraduate students. "A lot of them seem smart," he said. "What I can'tell is whether they have any kind of taste.-- Paul Graha
The direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life-- Donald Campbel
It's no trick for talented people to be interesting, but it's a gift tbe interested. We want an organization filled with interested people-- Randy S. Nelson (dean of Pixar University
Why teach drawing to accountants? Because drawing class doesn't justeach people to draw. It teaches them to be more observant. There's ncompany on earth that wouldn't benefit from having people become morobservant-- Randy S. Nelson (dean of Pixar University
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level oindirection-- Butler Lampson
A designer knows he has arrived at perfection not when there is nlonguer anything to add, but when there is no longuer anything to takaway-- Antoine de St Exupery
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by dointhem-- Aristotle
There are many ways to avoid success in life, but the most sure-firjust might be procrastination-- Hara Estroff Marano
PI seconds is a nanocentury-- [fact
A non negative binary integer value x is a power of 2 iff (x & (x-1)) i0 using 2's complement arithmetic-- [fact
While I’ve always appreciated beautiful code, I share Jonathan’s concerabout studying it too much. I think studying beauty in music anpainting has led us to modern classical music and painting that thmajority of us just don’t get. Beauty can be seen when it emerges, buisn’t something to strive for in isolation of a larger context. In thsoftware world, the larger context would be the utility of the softwarto the end user-- [A comment on a blog
Dont give users the opportunity to lock themselves-- unknow
Any fool can make the simple complex, only a smart person can make thcomplex simple-- unknow
To do something well you have to love it. So to the extent you capreserve hacking as something you love, you're likely to do it well. Trto keep the sense of wonder you had about programming at age 14. Iyou're worried that your current job is rotting your brain, it probablis-- Paul Graham
- If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you'd get change- Not the sharpest knife in the drawer- A prime candidate for natural deselection-- [Ideas for flamewars
What I didn't understand was that the value of some new acquisitiowasn't the difference between its retail price and what I paid for itIt was the value I derived from it. Stuff is an extremely illiquiasset. Unless you have some plan for selling that valuable thing you goso cheaply, what difference does it make what it's "worth?" The only wayou're ever going to extract any value from it is to use it. And if yodon't have any immediate use for it, you probably never will-- Paul Graha
Only bad designers blame their failings on the users-- unknow
Humans aren't rational -- they rationalize. And I don't just mean "somof them" or "other people". I'm talking about everyone. We have a "logiengine" in our brains, but for the most part, it's not the one in thdriver's seat -- instead it operates after the fact, generatinrationalizations and excuses for our behavior-- Paul Buchhei
What do Americans look for in a car? I've heard many answers when I'vasked this question. The answers include excellent safety ratings, greagas mileage, handling, and cornering ability, among others. I don'believe any of these. That's because the first principle of the CulturCode is that the only effective way to understand what people truly meais to ignore what they say. This is not to suggest that peoplintentionally lie or misrepresent themselves. What it means is thatwhen asked direct questions about their interests and preferencespeople tend to give answers they believe the questioner wants to hearAgain, this is not because they intend to mislead. It is because peoplrespond to these questions with their cortexes, the parts of theibrains that control intelligence rather than emotion or instinct. Theponder a question, they process a question, and when they deliver aanswer, it is the product of deliberation. They believe they are tellinthe truth. A lie detector would confirm this. In most cases, howeverthey aren't saying what they mean-- The culture code
When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail-- unknow
Good coders code, great reuse-- http://www.catonmat.ne
The lesson of the story might appear to be that self-interested anambitious people in power are often the cause of wastefulness ideveloping countries. But self-interested and ambitious people are ipositions of power, great and small, all over the world. In many placesthey are restrained by the law, the press, and democratic oppositionCameroon's tragedy is that there is nothing to hold self-interest icheck-- Tim Harfor
To solve your problems you must learn new skills, adapt new thoughpatterns, and become a different person than you were before thaproblem.  God has crafted you for success. In the middle of everadversity lie your best opportunities. Discover it, build upon it anmove forward in your journey to live an extraordinary life.  You owe ito yourself to live a great life. Don’t let negative thoughts pull yodown. Be grateful and open to learn and grow-- http://secretsofstudying.com
If there is a will, there is a way-- unknow
Having large case statements in an object-oriented language is a sursign your design is flawed-- [Fixing architecture flaws in Rails' ORM
Being a programmer is the same way. The only way to be a good programmeis to write code. When you realize you haven't been writing much codlately, and it seems like all you do is brag about code you wrote in thpast, and people start looking at you funny while you're shooting youmouth off, realize it's because they know. They might not even know theknow, but they know. So, yes, doing what you love brings success, and ball means, throw yourself a nice big party, buy yourself a nice carsoak up the adulation of an adoring crowd. Then shut the fuck up and geback to work-- Sincerity Theor
Another feature about this guy is his low threshold of boredom. He'lpick up on a task and work frantically at it, accomplishing wonders in short time and then get bored and drop it before its properly finishedHe'll do nothing but strum his guitar and lie around in bed for severadays after.  Thats also part of the pattern too; periods of frenetiactivity followed by periods of melancholia, withdrawal and inactivityThis is a bipolar personality-- The bipolar lisp programme
My dream is that people adopt it on its own merits. We're not trying tbend Ruby on Rails to fit the enterprise, we're encouraging enterpriseto bend to Ruby on Rails. Come if you like it, stay away if you don'tWe're not going head over heels to accommodate the enterprise or to lurthem away from Java. That's how you end up with Java, if you starbending to special interest groups-- David Heinemeier Hansson (Ruby On Rails' creator
New eyes have X-ray vision.  [someone that hasn't written it is morlikely to spot the bug. "someone" can be you after a break-- William S. Anni
So - what are the most important problems in software engineering? I’answer “dealing with complexity”-- Mark Chu-Carrol
So the mere constraint of staying in regular contact with us will pusyou to make things happen, because otherwise you'll be embarrassed ttell us that you haven't done anything new since the last time wtalked-- Paul Graham (a talk at Y Combinator, for startup creators)
The choice of the university is mostly important for the piece of papeyou get at the end. The education you get depends on you-- Andreas Zwinka
Remember that you are humans in the first place and only after thaprogrammers-- Alexandru Vance
Humans differ from animals to the degree that they are not merely an enresult of their conditioning, but are able to reflect on theiexperiences and strategies, and apply insight to make changes in the wathey live to modify the outcome-- SlideTrombone (comment on "Programming can ruin your life"
As builders and creators finding the perfect solution should not be oumain goal. We should find the perfect problem-- Isaac (blog comment
Just like carpentry, measure twice cut once-- Super-sizing YouTube with Python (Mike Solomon, mike@youtube.com
The good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you get a round one-- Douglas Crockford (Author of JSON and JsLint
I feel it is everybodies obligation to reach for the best in themselveand use that for the interest of mankind-- Corneluis (comment on 'Are you going to change the world? (Really?)'
Abstraction is a form of data compression: absolutely necessary, becaushuman short-term memory is so small, but the critically important aspecof abstraction is the algorithm that gets you from the name back to th"uncompressed" details-- Bruce Wilder (blog post comment
Have you ever noticed that when you sit down to write something, halthe ideas that end up in it are ones you thought of while writing itThe same thing happens with software. Working to implement one idegives you more ideas-- Paul Graham, The other road ahead
In general, we can think of data as defined by some collection oselectors and constructors, together with specified conditions thathese procedures must fulfill in order to be a valid representation-- SICP, What is meant by data
Resume writing is just like dating, or applying for a bank loan, in thanobody wants you if you're desperate-- Steve Yegge
Mastering isn’t a survival instinct; it’s an urge to excel. Mastering ione of the experiences that delineates us from animals. It is strivinto be more tomorrow than we are today; to perfectly pitch the ball ovehome plate; to craft the perfect sentence in an article; to open thoven and feel the warm, richly-scented cloud telling you dinner is gointo be absolutely extraordinary. We humans crave perfection, to bmasters of our domain, to distinguish ourselves by sheer skill anprowess-- Joesgoals.co
It(mastering)’s knowing what you are doing-- Joesgoals.co
Well then. How could you possibly live without automated refactorintools? How else could you coordinate the caterpillar-like motions of alJava’s identical tiny legs, its thousands of similar partsI’ll tell you howRuby is a butterfly-- Stevey, Refactoring Trilogy, Part 1
You will never become a Great Programmer until you acknowledge that yowill always be a Terrible ProgrammerYou will remain a Great Programmer for only as long as you acknowledgthat you are still a Terrible Programmer-- Marc (http://kickin-the-darkness.blogspot.com/
If I tell you I'm good, you would probably think I'm boasting. If I telyou I'm no good, you know I'm lying-- Bruce Le
Let me try to get this straight: Lisp is a language for describinalgorithms. This was JohnMcCarthy's original purpose, anyway: to builsomething more convenient than a Turing machine. Lisp is not about filesocket or GUI programming - Lisp is about expressive power. (Foexample, you can design multiple object systems for Lisp, in Lisp. Oimplement the now-fashionable AOP. Or do arbitrary transformations oparsed source code.) If you don't value expressive power, Lisp ain't foyou. I, personally, would prefer Lisp to not become mainstream: thiwould necessarily involve a dumbing down-- VladimirSlepne
Je ne vous impose aucune contrainte, aucune limite. Surprenez-moiétonnez-moi, défiez-moi, défiez-vous vous-même. Vous avez le choix: voupouvez rester dans l'ombre ou en sortir en étant parmis les trop rareexceptions à avoir réussi. L'heure est venue d'aller bien au delà dvotre potentiel. L'heure est venue maintenant de descendre vraiment evous. L'heure est venue de démontrer pourquoi vous êtes l'élite, lequelques élus, les rares lueurs qui offrent à cette compagnie socaractère exceptionnel, sa luminescence-- Le PDG de NURV, dans "Anti-trust"
If something isn’t working, you need to look back and figure out whagot you excited in the first place-- David Gorman (ImThere.com
Opportunities that present themselves to you are the consequence -- aleast partially -- of being in the right place at the right time. Thetend to present themselves when you're not expecting it -- and oftewhen you are engaged in other activities that would seem to preclude yofrom pursuing them. And they come and go quickly -- if you don't jumall over an opportunity, someone else generally will and it will vanish-- Marc Andreessen (http://blog.pmarca.com/
Pay attention to opportunity cost at all times. Doing one thing meannot doing other things. This is a form of risk that is very easy tignore, to your detriment-- Marc Andreessen (http://blog.pmarca.com/
Seize any opportunity, or anything that looks like opportunity. They arrare, much rarer than you think..-- Nassim Nicholas Taleb, "The Black Swan"
I think that a lot of programmers are ignoring an important point whepeople talk about reducing code repetition on large projectsPart of the idea is that large projects are intrinsically *wrong*. Thayou should be looking at making a number of smaller projects that arcomposable, even if you never end up reusing one of those smalleprojects elsewhere-- Dan Nugen
We tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success. For mosimportant things, though, success actually requires avoiding manseparate causes of failure-- Jared Diamon
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things whicmatter least-- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe (1749-1832
I think the root of your mistake is saying that macros don't scale tlarger groups. The real truth is that macros don't scale to stupidegroups-- Paul Graham, on the Lightweight Languages mailing list
Argue with idiots, and you become an idiotIf you compete with slaves you become a slave-- Paul Graham and Norbert Weiner, respectivel
Always dive down into a problem and get your hands on the deepest issubehind the problem. All other considerations are to dismissed a"engineering details"; they can be sorted out after the basic problehas been solved-- Chris Crawfor
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them-- Alan Perli
It is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equallvain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.-- Edsger Dijkstr
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lineproduced but as lines spent-- Edsger Dijkstr
The most damaging phrase in the language is, It's always been done thaway-- Rear Admiral Grace Hoppe
Getting back to failing early, I've learned it's important to completelfail. Get fired. Shoot the project, then burn its corpse. Melt the CVrepository and microwave the backup CDs. When things go wrong, I'voften tried to play the hero from start to finish. Guess what? Somprojects are doomed no matter what. Some need skills I don't possessAnd some need a fresh face-- Reginald Braithwait
The only thing a man should ever be 100% convinced of is his owignorance-- DJ MacLea
The best people and organizations have the attitude of wisdom: Thcourage to act on what they know right now and the humility to changcourse when they find better evidenceThe quest for management magic and breakthrough ideas is overratedbeing a master of the obvious is underratedJim Maloney is right: Work is an overrated activit-- Bob Sutto
In theory, there’s no difference between theory and practice. But ipractice, there is-- Albert Einstei
Act from reason, and failure makes you rethink and study harderAct from faith, and failure makes you blame someone and push harder--  Erik Naggu
Measure everything you can about the product, and you'll start seeinpatterns-- Max Levchin, PayPal founder, Talk at StartupSchool200
Something Confusing about "Hard"It's tempting to think that if it's hard, then it's valuableMost valuable things are hardMost hard things are completely useless -- (picture of someone smashintheir head through concrete blocks kung-fu style)Hard DOES NOT EQUATE TO BEING valuableRemember Friendster back in the dayYou'd sign in, invite friends, have 25 friends, go to their profile, anthen it'd show how you were connected to each oneThat's an impressive [some geeky CS jargon] Cone traversal of a tree 100 million string comparisons per page -- it won't scaleUsed to take a minute per page to load, and Friendster died a painfudeathMySpace -- not interested in solving problemThey use the shortcut of "Miss Fitzpatrick is in your extended network(i.e. even when you're not even signed up for MySpaceThey didn't solve the hard problem. But they make the more relevanassumption that you want to be connected to hot women. [LOLShows Alexa graph showing that in early 2005 Myspace took off, anquickly bypassed Friendster and never looked back-- Max Levchin, PayPal founder, Talk at StartupSchool200
Quality of the people is better than the quality of the business ideaCrappy people can screw up the best idea in the world-- Hadi Partovi & Ali Partovi (iLike.com), Talk at StartupSchool200
The only constant in the world of hi-tech is change-- Mark War
Write it properly first. It's easier to make a correct program fastthan to make a fast program correct-- http://www.cpax.org.uk/prg
J'ai toujours préféré la folie des passions à la sagesse dl'indifférence-- Anatole Franc
You can’t get to version 500 if you don’t start with a version 1-- BetterExplained.co
The wonderful and frustrating thing about understanding yourself is thanobody can do it for you-- BetterExplained.co
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, howeveimprobable, must be the truth-- Sherlock Holme
In order to understand what another person is saying, you must assumthat it is true and try to find out what it could be true of-- George Mille
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step-- Lao­Tz
C’s great for what it’s great for-- Ben Hoyts (micropledge
There is one meaning [for static in C]: a global variable that iinvisible outside the current scope, be it a function or a file-- Paolo Bonzin
Processors don't get better so that they can have more free timeProcessors get better so _you_ can have more free time-- LeCamarade (freeshells.ch
The venerable master Qc Na was walking with his student, Anton.  Hoping tprompt the master into a discussion, Anton said "Master, I have heard thaobjects are a very good thing - is this true?"  Qc Na looked pityingly ahis student and replied, "Foolish pupil - objects are merely a poor man'closures.    Chastised, Anton took his leave from his master and returned to his cellintent on studying closures.  He carefully read the entire "Lambda: ThUltimate..." series of papers and its cousins, and implemented a smalScheme interpreter with a closure-based object system.  He learned much, anlooked forward to informing his master of his progress    On his next walk with Qc Na, Anton attempted to impress his master bsaying "Master, I have diligently studied the matter, and now understanthat objects are truly a poor man's closures."  Qc Na responded by hittinAnton with his stick, saying "When will you learn? Closures are a poor man'object."  At that moment, Anton became enlightened-- Anton van Straaten (Na = Norman Adams, Qa = Christian Queinnec
Understanding why C++ is the way it is helps a programmer use it well. A deeunderstanding of a tool is essential for an expert craftsman-- Bjarne Stroustra
No art, however minor, demands less than total dedication if you want texcel in it-- Albert
The minute you put the blame on someone else you’ve switch things frobeing a problem you can control to a problem outside of your control-- engtech (internetducttape.com
State is the root of all evil. In particular functions with side effectshould be avoided-- OO Sucks (bluetail.com
Ils ne sont pas forts parce qu'ils sont forts. Ils sont forts parce qunous sommes faibles-- Ragala Khali
It is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth anremove all doubt-- WikiHo
A tail call allows a function to return the result of another functiowithout leaving an entry on the stack. Tail recursion is a specific casof tail calling-- ASPN : Python Cookbook : Explicit Tail Cal
Simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means-- Dr. Koichi Kawan
Normality is the route to nowhere-- Ridderstrale & Nordstorm, Funky Busines
The problem is that Microsoft just has no taste. And I don't mean thain a small way, I mean that in a big way-- Steve Job
Do you want to sell sugared water all your life or do you want to changthe world-- Steve Jobs, to John Sculley (former Pepsi executive
1 - Creativity and innovation always build on the past2 - The past always tries to control the creativity that builds on it3 - Free societies enable the future by limiting the past4 - Ours is less and less a free society-- Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture
Good work is no done by ‘humble’ men-- H. Hardy, A mathematician's apology
Simplicity and pragmatism beat complexity and theory any day-- Dennis (blog comment
The proof is by reductio ad absurdum, and reductio ad absurdum, whicEuclid loved so much, is one of a mathematician’s finest weapons. It ia far finer gambit than any chess gambit: a chess player may offer thsacrifice of a pawn or even a piece, but a mathematician offers thgame-- G. H. Hard
Remember, always be yourself ... unless you suck-- Joss Whedo
All great things require great dedication-- Chuck Norris(?
I'm always happy to trade performance for readability as long as thformer isn't already scarce-- Crayz (Commentor on blog.raganwald.com
You have to write for your audience. I would never write (1..5).ma&'*2' in Java when I could writListFactoryFactory.getListFactoryFromResource    new ResourceName('com.javax.magnitudes.integers')setLowerBound(1).setUpperBound(5).setStep(1).applyFunctor    new Functor () { public void eval (x) { return x * 2; } })I'm simplifying, of course, I've left out the security and logginwrappers-- Reginald Braithwai
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over agaiand expecting different results-- Benjamin Frankli
A no uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a yes mereluttered to please or what is worse, to avoid trouble-- Mahatma Gandh
I think it is wise, and only honest, to warn you that my goal iimmodest. It is not my purpose to "transfer knowledge" to you thatsubsequently, you can forget again. My purpose is no less than teffectuate in each of you a noticeable, irreversable change. I want yoto gain, for the rest of your lives, the insight that beautiful proofare not "found" by trial anf error but are the result of a consciouslapplied design discipline. I want you to raise your quality standards. mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick andirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders ansay to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that woulbe enough immortality for me-- E. W. Dijkstr
The general principle for complexity design is this: Think locally, aclocally-- Richard P. Gabriel & Ron Goldman, Mob Software: The Erotic Life of Cod
Programming is the art of figuring out what you want so precisely thaeven a machine can do it-- Some guy who isn't famou
Hence my urgent advice to all of you to reject the morals of thbestseller society and to find, to start with, your reward in your owfun. This is quite feasible, for the challenge of simplification is sfascinating that, if we do our job properly, we shall have the greatesfun in the world-- E. W. Dijkstra, On the nature of computing science
Remember: you are alone. Every time you can get help from someoneit is an opportunity: you should eagerly size it. But then, promptlreturn to normal mode: you are alone and you must be prepared to solvevery problem yourself-- Eric KEDJ
Making All Software Into Tools Reduces Risk-- smoothspan.co
Some may say Ruby is a bad rip-off of Lisp or Smalltalk, and I admithat. But it is nicer to ordinary people-- Matz, LL
C and Lisp stand at opposite ends of the spectrum; they're each great awhat the other one sucks at-- Steve Yegge, Tour de Babel
Two people should stay together if together they are better people thathey would be individually-- 
To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass ihalf empty. To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs tbe-- author unknown (quoted in `Robust Systems', Gerald Jay Suseman
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students thahave had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they armentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-- Edsger Dijkstr
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well-- Earl of Chesterfiel
Rules of OptimizationRule 1: Don’t do itRule 2 (for experts only): Don’t do it yet-- M.A. Jackso
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (withounecessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - includinblind stupidity-- W.A. Wul
We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the timepremature optimization is the root of all evil-- Donald Knut
The best is the enemy of the good-- Voltair
The job of a leader today is not to create followers. It’s to creatmore leaders-- Ralph Nade
The president was visiting NASA headquarters and stopped to talk to man who was holding a mop. “And what do you do?” he asked. The man, janitor, replied, “I’m helping to put a man on the moon, sir.-- The little book of leadershi
Only make new mistakes-- Phil Dourad
You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity. When you get iright, it is obvious that it is right-- Richard Feynma
Talkers are no good doers-- William Shakespeare, "Henry VI
Photography is painting with light-- Eric Hamilto
Good artists copy. Great artists steal-- Pablo Picass
A guideline in the process of stepwise refinement should be thprinciple to decompose decisions as much as possible, to untanglaspects which are only seemingly interdependent, and to defer thosdecisions which concern details of representation as long as possible-- Niklaus Wirt
Vigorous writing is concise. A sentence should contain no unnecessarwords, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessarparts. This requires not that the writer make all sentences short oavoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every wortell-- William Strunk, Jr. (The Elements of Style
The problem is that small examples fail to convince, and large exampleare too big to follow-- Steve Yegge
We are the sum of our behaviours; excellence therefore is not an act bua habit-- Aristotle
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a nesemantic level in which one can be absolutely precise-- Edsger Dijkstr
Every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment-- Senec
It’s hard to grasp abstractions if you don’t understand what they’rabstracting away from-- Nathan Weizenbau
That is one of the most distinctive differences between school and threal world: there is no reward for putting in a good effort. In factthe whole concept of a "good effort" is a fake idea adults invented tencourage kids. It is not found in nature-- Paul Graha
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-- Thomas Jefferso
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed-- George Burn
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough-- Mario Andrett
Chance favors the prepared mind-- Louis Pasteu
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming-- Brian Kerniga
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to bsimple-- Grady Booc
Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and betteidiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger anbetter idiots.  So far the Universe is winning-- Rich Coo
A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a femonths–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) woulhave a hard time getting together over a year.  IBM used to report thacertain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as otheworkers, or more-- Peter Seebac
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good onesThey are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standardconceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solvinability-- Randall E. Stros
A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an averaglathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,00times the price of an average software writer-- Bill Gate
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measurinaircraft building progress by weight-- Bill Gate
First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack-- George Carrett
To iterate is human, to recurse divine-- L. Peter Deutsc
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are onloff by a bit-- Anonymou
Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejectewithout, I thought, proper consideration-- Stan Kelly-Bootl
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore bregarded as a criminal offense-- E.W. Dijkstr
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to studentthat have had prior exposure to BASIC.  As potential programmers, theare mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-- E. W. Dijkstr
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lackinzero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their programs-- Robert Firt
Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like sayinthat anal sex is nice because it works on all genders-- Alann
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would deletthemselves upon execution-- Robert Sewel
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free-- Linus Torvald
Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more monthmight as well have been written by someone else-- Eagleson’s La
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having tthink out every case-- Francis Glassboro
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, softwardevelopment is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called aengineering discipline-- Bill Clinto
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must bthe process of putting them in-- Edsger W. Dijkstr
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be violent psychopath who knows where you live-- Martin Goldin
Everything that can be invented has been invented-- Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 189
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers-- Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 194
It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possiblto achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful witsuch statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years.-- John Von Neumann, circa 194
But what is it good for-- Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBMcommenting on the microchip, 196
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home-- Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 197
640K ought to be enough for anybody-- Bill Gates, 198
Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than anapplication will ever need-- Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 199
We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilofolks come out with WipeMe 1.0-- Andy Pierso
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-buttofinger-- Frank Lloyd Wrigh
Functional programming is like describing your problem to mathematician.  Imperative programming is like giving instructions tan idiot-- arcus, #scheme on Freenod
Its a shame that the students of our generation grew up with windows anmice because that tainted our mindset not to think in terms of powerfutools. Some of us are just so tainted that we will never recover-- Jeffrey Mark Siskind <qobi@research.nj.nec.com> in comp.lang.lis
Lisp is a programmable programming language-- John Foderar
I guess, when you're drunk, every woman looks beautiful and everlanguage looks (like) a Lisp :-- Lament, #scheme@freenode.ne
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close thewere to success when they gave up-- Thomas Ediso
You must always work not just within but below your means. If you cahandle three elements, handle only two. If you can handle ten, thehandle five. In that way the ones you do handle, you handle with morease, more mastery and you create a feeling of strength in reserve-- Pablo Picass
When you’ve got the code all ripped apart, it’s like a car that’s aldisassembled. You’ve got all the parts tying all over your garage anyou have to replace the broken part or the car will never run. It’s nofun until the code gets back to the baseline again-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro)

Well, if you talk about programming to a group of programmers who usthe same language, they can become almost evangelistic about thlanguage. They form a tight-knit community, hold to certain beliefs, anfollow certain rules in their programming. It’s like a church with programming language for a Bible-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro)
It’s a problem if the design doesn’t let you add features at a latedate. If you have to redo a program, the hours you spend can cause yoto lose your competitive edge. A flexible program demonstrates thdifference between a good designer and someone who is just getting piece of code out-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro)
[How friendly will this machine be?] Well, I don’t think it’s a matteof friendliness, because ultimately if the program is going taccomplish anything of value, it will probably be relatively complex-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro)
Some people suggest that machines would be friendlier if input could bin a natural language. But natural language is probably the worst kinof input because it can be quite ambiguous. The process of retrievininformation from the computer would be so time-consuming that you woulbe better off spending that time getting the information directly froan expert-- Gary Kildall (inventor of CP/M, one of the first OS for the micro)
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture little way past them into the impossible-- Arthur C. Clark
Any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic-- Arthur C. Clark
That is the inevitable human response. We’re reluctant to believe thagreat discoveries are in the air. We want to believe that greadiscoveries are in our heads—and to each party in the multiple thpresence of the other party is invariably cause for suspicion-- Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare?
Good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to finthem-- Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare
A person won't become proficient at something until he or she has donit many times. In other words., if you want someone to be really good abuilding a software system, he or she will have to have built 10 or morsystems of that type-- Philip Greenspu
A person won't retain proficiency at a task unless he or she has at ontime learned to perform that task very rapidly. Learning researcdemonstrates that the skills of people who become accurate but not fasdeteriorate much sooner than the skills of people who become botaccurate and fast-- Philip Greenspu
Training research shows that if you get speed now you can get qualitlater. But if you don't get speed you will never get quality in the lonrun-- Philip Greenspu
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, notried it-- Donald Knut
Wear your best for your execution and stand dignified. Your lasrecourse against randomness is how you act — if you can’t controoutcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour. You wilalways have the last word-- Nassim Tale
The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stopuntil you stand up to speak in public-- Anonymou
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are always cocksure anthe intelligent are always filled with doubt-- Bertrand Russel
Simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to complex, intelligenbehavior. Complex rules and regulations give rise to simple, stupibehavior-- Dee Hock, Birth of the Chaordic Ag
C++ is like teenage sex: Everybody is talking about it all the timeonly few are really doing it-- unknow
Functional programming is to algorithms as the ubiquitous little blacdress is to women's fashion-- Mark Tarver (of "The bipolar Lisp programmer" fame
Java and C++ make you think that the new ideas are like the old onesJava is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS-- Alan Ka
For complex systems, the compiler and development environment need to bin the same language that its supporting. It's the only way to grocode-- Alan Ka
Simple things should be simple. Complex things should be possible-- Alan Ka
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not havC++ in mind-- Alan Ka
All creativity is an extended form of a joke-- Alan Ka
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiminhigh enough-- Alan Ka
Revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing ia better direction-- Alan Ka
Ce n’est que par les beaux sentiments qu’on parvient à la fortune -- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs
La haine est une liqueur précieuse, un poison plus cher que celui deBorgia, - car il est fait avec notre sang, notre santé, notre sommeilet les deux tiers de notre amour! Il faut en être avare-- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs
L’art qui satisfait le besoin le plus impérieux sera toujours le pluhonoré-- Charles Baudelaire, Conseils aux jeunes littérateurs
If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it'a duck-- Official definition of "duck typing
In OO, it's the data that is the "important" thing: you define the claswhich contains member data, and only incidentally contains code fomanipulating the object. In FP, it's the code that's important: yodefine a function which contains code for working with the data, anonly incidentally define what the data is-- almkgor, on reddi
Des mots simples, quand ils sont bien utilisés, font faire à des genordinaires des choses extraordinaires-- Khaled TANGA
It was Edison who said ‘1% inspiration, 99% perspiration’. That may havbeen true a hundred years ago. These days it's ‘0.01% inspiration99.99% perspiration’, and the inspiration is the easy part-- Linux Torvald
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a wathat will allow a solution-- Bertrand Russel
No matter how much you plan you’re likely to get half wrong anyway. Sdon’t do the ‘paralysis through analysis’ thing. That only slowprogress and saps morale-- 37 Signal, Getting rea
[Innovation] comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we don’get on the wrong track or try to do too much. We’re always thinkinabout new markets we could enter, but it’s only by saying no that yocan concentrate on the things that are really important-- Steve Job
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that thnecessary may speak-- Hans Hofman
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at thresults-- Winston Churchil
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration-- Thomas Ediso
I’d rather write programs to write programs than write programs-- Richard Site
Heureux l'étudiant qui comme la Rivière peut suivre son cours sanquitter son lit..-- Sebastien, sur commentcamarche.ne
Side projects are less masturbatory than reading RSS, often moruseful than MobileMe, more educational than the comments on Redditand usually more fun than listening to keynotes-- Chris Wanstrat
:nunmap can also be used outside of a monastery-- Vim user manua
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned-- Tim Gallwey, The inner game of wor
Workers of the world, the chains that bind you are not held in place ba ruling class, a "superior" race, by society, the state, or a leaderThey are held in place by none other than yourself. Those who seek texploit are not themselves free, for they place no value in freedom. Whis it that really employs you and commands you to pick up your dailload? And who is it that you allow to pass judgment on the adequacy oyour toil? Who have you empowered to dangle the carrot before you anthreaten with disapproval? Who, when you wake each morning, sends yooff to what you call your workIs there an "I want to" behind all your "I have to," or have you been slong forgotten to yourself that "I want" exists only as an idea in youhead? If you have disconnected from your soul's desire and are drowninin an ocean of "have to," then rise up and overthrow your master. Begithe journey toward emancipation.  Work only in such a way that you artruly self-employed-- Tim Gallwey, The inner game of wor
The Work Begins Anew, The Hope Rises Again, And The Dream Lives On-- Ted Kenned
The hardest part of design ... is keeping features out-- Donald Norman
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable-- Ralph Johnson
The opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference-- Elie Wiese
- Gbi de fe- Howa- On va en Franc- Non, je vais pas- Pourquoi- Parce ki y a pas agouti là-bas-- Gbi de fe
Ecoute, crois en ton projet... Implique toi à fond... Trouve des aspectinnovants pour te distinguer des autres. Tu verras que tu te feraremarquer très facilement..-- Khaled Tanga
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-- Colin Powel
Be the change you want to see in the world-- Mahatma Gandh
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because hwants to do it [Leadership]-- Dwight D. Enseinhover
No one is all evil. Everybody has a good side. If you keep waiting, iwill comme up-- Randy Pausc
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want-- Cited by Randy Pausc
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity-- Randy Pausc
Bonne bosse et reste le boss-- Darryl Amedo
The greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak-- J. B. Bossuet, Politics from Holy Writ, 170
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission-- Rear Admiral Dr. Grace Hoppe
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest-- Benjamin Frankli
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn tsmart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams-- Mary Ellen Kell
A CS professor once explained recursion as followsA child couldn't sleep, so her mother told her a story about a little frog    who couldn't sleep, so the frog's mother told her a story about a little bear         who couldn't sleep, so the bear's mother told her a story about a little weasel..            who fell asleep        ...and the little bear fell asleep    ...and the little frog fell asleep...and the child fell asleep-- everything2.co
Never do the impossible. People will expect you to do it forever after-- pigsandfishes.co
Hire people smarter than you.  Work with people smarter than youListen to them. Let them lead you. Take the blame for all failuresgive away the credit for all successes-- How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failur
Give up control. You never really had it anyway-- How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failur
Ne te mets pas de limite, la vie se chargera de la mettre a ta place-- Darryl AMEDO
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not ssure about the former-- Albert Einstei
The important thing is not to stop questioning-- Albert Einstei
Do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person-- Buddh
Work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work-- Eric S. Raymond, How To Be A Hacke
A witty saying proves nothin-- Voltair
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflamor inspire the drudge-- Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet
La connaissance d'un défaut ne l'enlève pas, elle nous torture jusqu'à scorrection-- Daniel Lovewin (Guillaume Kpotufe
Je crois au flooding-- Karim BAINA (en parlant du dailogue avec les administrations
Il y a très loin de la velléité à la volnt, de la volonté à la résolution, de lrésolution au choix des moyens, du choix ds moyens à lapplication-- Jean-François Paul de Gondi de Ret
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that whayou now have was once among the things only hoped for-- Greek philosopher Epicuru
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent-- Eleanor Roosevel
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything-- Mark Twai
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finallbetter than your dreams-- Dr. Seus
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference-- Elie Wiese
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans-- John Lenno
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause anreflect-- Mark Twai
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something elsis the greatest accomplishment-- Ralph Waldo Emerso
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages-- Friedrich Nietzsch
In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all-- George Leonard, Mastery
Courage is grace under pressure-- Ernest Hemingwa
Actually, the essence of boredom is to be found in the obsessive search fonovelty. Satisfaction lies in mindful repetition, the discovery of endlesrichness in subtle variations on familiar themes-- George Leonard, Mastery
Before enlightenment, chop wood and carry waterAfter enlightenment, chop wood and carry water-- Ancient Eastern adag
Acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; imeans facing the truth and then moving on-- George Leonard, Mastery
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, anmagic in it-- Goeth
What we choose to fight is so tinyWhat fights us is so great..When we win it's with small thingsand the triumph itself makes us small..Winning does not tempt that manThis is how he grows: by being defeated, decisivelyby constantly greater beings.-- Rainer Maria Rilke, The Man Watching
We fail to realize that mastery is not about perfection. It's about a processa journey. The master is the one who stays on the path day after day, year afteyear. The master is the one who is willing to try, and fail, and try again, foas long as he or she lives-- George Leonard, Mastery
Are you willing to wear your white belt-- George Leonard, Master